today we shake it till we break it let's
talk about this good good mythical
morning we're about to find out which
one of us has what it takes to shake
something until it breaks and today's
episode is sponsored by Reese's Pieces
shaken break Reese's Pieces shaken break
is a fun new way to enjoy your favorite
candy behold when you shake these
interactive Reese's chocolate eggs you
hear a sweet little surprise inside what
could it be
well shake him a break and find yourself
some Reese's Pieces of candies yeah
every Reese's Pieces shake and break has
one of three surprises inside you might
get all yellow Reese's Pieces you might
get all orange Reese's Pieces or you
might get a mix of yellow orange and
brown Reese's Pieces okay let's see if
we can figure out what we're gonna get
yellow sounds yellow to me I think I've
got all three yellow orange and brown oh
she was a joint let's do a little break
you break you pop I was correct I had
all of them too oh really
one of them's yellow mm-hmm that's the
one I heard all right fine Reese's
Pieces shake and break at your local
store today now they're shaking and
breaking has only just begun it's time
for if we can't break weird stuff with
crazy shaking ability will cry and
expose the male egos fragility
[Music]
welcome to the shaking station our
challenge is to shake various mystery
items so furiously that we break I'm
beginning with these two under the white
things
now the determine who gets to pick first
we're gonna draw maracas
okay which one leave I guess no y'all
want you to go first I want you to tell
me which one to pick this one pick that
one ha I didn't pick the one you want it
neither did you okay so I get the power
of choice now this one's that one's a
little smaller arounded this one looks a
little more flattened you know what I'm
gonna switch I'm going to choose this
taller rounded ish one okay I'm stuck
with the flat one now before we find out
what we chose and we must purchase our
methods
shaking over in the methods of shakes at
steak stations okay let's see what we
got over here a neck massager for $100 a
butterfly net with rocks in it it's $225
and a paint shaker for $400 okay but
since you got to pick your item I
actually get to pick my shaker first no
we both start out with a thousand bucks
which one are you gonna purchase well
first of all there's a lot of stake here
because the winner and the Angus a firm
handshake from David Hill not a
handshake but a handshake okay
so there's a lot on the line oh yeah in
that money uh the pain shaker feels like
it might be overkill and also we didn't
have a whole lot of luck with that thing
when we used it in that episode so I'm
gonna go with the trusty butterfly net
with rocks okay i'ma spin 400 bucks on
that paint shake
now let's reveal what we're what we're
shaking seriously that's an actual
balloon okay I can win $500 is this the
glass slipper just the glass slippers my
item correct and when it says for $700
there's needles in babies you're shaking
it already
don't shake there's needles a nearby um
all right come on let's go over to I I
can't help but shake our stations man
but before I break this I would like to
see who it fits I think maybe a baby
okay
so who's going first here you know I'm
very interested in what you've got going
over here so let's just see listen let's
watch you first I mean there's needles
in there now keep in mind that we only
have 15 seconds to shake so you can run
this thing for 15 seconds link don't
bust it on the way in come on papa bust
for me
okay so I'm putting this in there
cranking her down all right Lucas fire
it up
go you want me to do it yeah yeah all
right Lucas I'm gonna do it three two
one only took a few seconds it works
it's a real needles in there man you
want to taste it I'm gonna pry it out of
this woman's hand okay
I saw Dannette at $100 what do you stand
again here so okay I can't touch the net
right I have to hold the handle this is
Engel break shake it man
here we go give me my time dude you're
out of control
you're throwing rocks everywhere well
huh I only got about let me give me five
more seconds to shaking cuz I cuz I did
you take the thing out I will allow it
because I did really enjoy watching you
do that I chipped it a little bit okay
five seconds here we go three two one go
it didn't break man this thing is a hard
shoe I might have to sell it for sale
hard shoe
I'm gonna have about 325 bucks let's
decide who's going first now do you want
to pick a short winner along I want you
to pick a short one
first I'm gonna pick a short one on
purpose so then I get a power choice for
that oh yeah yeah I actually want the
short one yes yeah so you pick this all
right I want to learn last time is that
having the power of choice for this is
not an advantage so I'm gonna just go
you know what when you tall go small all
right so I've got the big one now let's
find out what we can purchase okay we've
got a cat bed for $100 there we got a
cocktail shaker for $250 and a blender
for $400 make your choice link well I
don't think that what I have here could
fit in the blender or the shaker yeah
but don't you remember last time I was
just a little slipper on top I I predict
that some sort of pedestal and yours
item is just on top of it I can't risk
it
I'm going to purchase the cat bed cuz I
want it at least be able to shake it
okay
all right so I'm gonna not go all the
way to the blender cuz I got to make up
some ground here I'm gonna go with a
cocktail shaker okay let's find out what
we have me first
I got a spiral staircase of eggs you
know what you might have done won't work
and I've got a fortune a single fortune
cookie all right let's take these over
$600 for these eggs 425 for the fortune
cookie so I still have two now I assume
you just want me to throw the eggs in is
it just the eggs or is it just the eggs
and I would gingerly place them yes yes
yes I'm not gonna cheat right you go
first 15 seconds to shaking I mean why
is this hand here because that is to
signify that you must each use your
hands to not do it links doing right now
okay so I have 15 seconds to break this
fortune cookie if I don't do this
excessively I'm going to go home yeah
you suck if you don't gay you ready go
I think it already broke
[Music]
okay dump her out that's proof that it
broke okay you will eat a fortune cookie
in your near future no I'm gonna eat it
you're gonna prove it wrong
don't tempt fate man you better obey
well I got it so he's got to break every
single egg right yes yeah and and also
mind you that if they fall out that
doesn't count at the break-in okay right
how many rate I'm gonna say him back for
the I think III I think he's succeeding
uh it's leaking me let's see what the
heck that was not broken into it frickin
whole egg how'd all these eggs one I'm
doing break all right what's what's a
credit I mean I'm going to the judges on
this one we said you had to break them
all oh yeah you're right you didn't
break them all okay he's any man's game
like you still got just $50 okay
be my guest oh no I wanted the short one
oh you didn't get the short one so you
get to choose under the white cloth my
friend the tall er the flat II last time
going small because I was tall works in
my favor
I shall go small again all right and
let's see what we have to purchase here
we've got a vibration plate exercise
machine for 300 bucks human hamster
bubble ball 425 bucks or the spin dryer
for $500 I just don't know about that
vibration plate hey you know I've had a
vibration place I don't think it had as
much
power as me so I'm gonna buy the human
hamster bubble ball for 425 oh okay I
have no idea what I have here but I know
that I'm not in the lead and I feel like
I've got to take a risk here and so
against all of my better judgment I'm
going to go with the vibration place
okay let's see what you've got
Oh tea cups tea set and you can win $800
$800 and I have a brief dear birthday
cake for $700
okay so that's worth $800 - the 300 that
you spent so you stand to win $500 I can
win 700 - the 425 I spent so 275 hmm
basically that means if they both break
I win if mine doesn't break in yours
does break you win okay so link because
that's what the stakes are I'm going to
encourage you to go first I'm gonna go
first
I'm gonna break the heck out of this
cake I don't know exactly how to do this
there right yeah if the cake falls out
onto the floor right does not count what
if the cups fall off onto the floor and
break what about does not count tell us
my mics on so if I'm screaming I can
hear you doing good okay do I have to
keep the cardboard on it it's cardboard
is optional I feel like the cardboard
might keep it in there so I'm gonna turn
the sideways I'm gonna get rid of the
cardboard well I gotta say I'm really
impressed all right so I haven't broken
it yet I'm only gonna break it when I
shake it all right you ready you better
shake it like crazy I gotta win that
handshake hey don't hurt your back I can
already tell it you look like you're
listening with your back not your legs
just stress out a little bit don't want
you to get hurt all right all right
ready on your mark get set go
bring it where is it where is it right
there in there I don't know how to score
this because it literally just jumped
right out it right at the very beginning
there you know you like there was
breakage and did you see how nicely he
put it in that's a pretty good cake
listen it fell apart
Oh how did a good cake straight-up icing
mmm okay Rhett okay so I'm gonna start
this thing get it up to full speed and
then set them on there okay so I've got
start oh yeah that thing really full
speed
don't be a sore loser
hey they're not even breaking I broke
one yeah you broke one all right dude I
hate to break it to you but
congratulations you're glowing and I won
handshake from David Hill there he is
let's see how this goes you born my boy
what how is this a handshake I'm kind of
glad I didn't win all right thanks again
to Reese's Pieces shake and break for
sponsoring this episode go get the new
Reese's Pieces shake and break at your
local store today thanks for subscribing
and clicking that Bell you know what
time it is
hi I'm sandy from Zeeland Michigan I'm a
58 yo grandma and a newborn mythical
beast and it's time to spin the wheel of
mythicality
happy birthday click the top link to
watch us match the crew member to their
broken bones story and debonair hand if
underwear the wheel of mythicality is
gonna land mythical got the crystal wash
treatment now it's GMM stern get the GMM
crystal wash T in mythical calm